# Encrypt with Existing Key Example

In order to run this example, you need to be running a _Tenant Security Proxy_ (TSP) on your machine.
Check the [README.md](../README.md) file in the parent directory to see how to start the TSP, if you haven't done so
yet.

Once the TSP is running, you can experiment with this example php program. It illustrates the basics of how
to use the Tenant Security Client (TSC) SDK to encrypt data with an existing key.

To run the example, you will need to have a PHP 7.4+ and composer installed on your computer.

```bash
export API_KEY='0WUaXesNgbTAuLwn'
composer update
php src/main.php
```

We've assigned an API key for you, but in production you will make your own and edit the TSP
configuration with it.

When you run the example, you should see a number of INFO outputs generated by your TSP indicating
that it was wrapping a new DEK using the KMS, then unwrapping an EDEK.

If you would like to experiment with a different tenant, just do:

```bash
export TENANT_ID=<selected-tenant-ID>
env $(cat ../demo-tsp.conf) php src/main.php
```

The list of available tenants is listed in the [README.md](../README.md) in the parent directory.

If you set the tenant to **tenant-gcp-l** and run the program, then compare the logs generated by the
TSP to the logs generated when you use **tenant-gcp**, you can see the difference
between using a KMS configuration that has [key leasing](https://ironcorelabs.com/docs/saas-shield/what-is-key-leasing/) enabled vs. one that does not.

## Additional Resources

If you would like some more in-depth information, our website features a section of technical
documentation about the [SaaS Shield product](https://ironcorelabs.com/docs/saas-shield/).
